Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining me again tonight. I
appreciate everyone coming out
and praying with me. I'm going
to go over some of the things the Lord's
been talking to me about and what
my wife and I have been studying
since Friday. I
am
really
looking inward and
examining myself and
making sure my thermostat's right. I
do it all the time. But I was in
prayer, and I felt a
wall,
and I said, "Lord, what's going on with
me? Can you help me out with some
things? I want to go from
glory to glory, and I want
to be a good leader for you, and I want
to
be more effective at the things
you have
called me
to do.
I don't know how in the natural to do
it without the Holy
Spirit. I need
you."As
I was praying that morning,
my wife came in and said,
"The Lord put
this book on my heart
by John Bevere.
We're not finished with the other one
yet, but I feel like we're supposed to
jump off of that one and read
this one because of what I heard this
morning in my spirit. We
haven't read this together yet, but we
have it, and it's
been sitting there. We've read The
Awe of God two or three
times it
seems."She
brought this book out,
and
I can honestly tell you, I didn't
know the man could write as well as he
does. It's another
life-changing book. You may say,
"Brandon, that's an old book. This is
one of his first books he ever
wrote."How
could you
have never read that before?
It's The Bait of Satan.
I
am
reflecting
on
being offended in these last days.
The scripture in Matthew 24 talks
about how many will
be offended,
and the love of
many shall wax cold. Iniquity
shall abound.
In Matthew 24, Jesus
says,
"And then shall many be offended,
and shall betray one another, and shall
hate one
another."Jesus
said one of the major signs of
the end times that we're supposed to
be looking for is not with the unbeliever,
but with the
believer—people
being offended and walking in
offense.
Many will be offended.
That's one of
the major scriptures he uses through
this whole book.
As I was listening,
I heard him ask the question, "Lord, am
I offended at so and so?"He didn't
bring up the person's name, but it was
somebody that was dear to him
at one point in time, and the Lord said
yes.
I started going over everybody in my
Rolodex
in my mind, asking if they have offended
me.
I didn't realize until I started
going over this book
how many people I had a Rolodex
list of keeping track of what
they've done wrong and how they offended me
through ministry, even what I've done in
the last three years,
not releasing it and carrying that.
I saw in the spirit a dam
that looked like a beaver's dam;
it looked like
sticks, metal, and debris
inside.
The Lord showed me this in the
spirit when I was praying, and he said
when you get that offense, that's what
blocks the
flow of the anointing and the
presence on your life. When you hold
offense towards people and
you don't let it go,
it blocks the flow. You have to forgive
them as I have forgiven them. If you don't
forgive them, Brandon, I won't forgive
you.
I had all these reasons of why I
felt justified.
Well, they did this, they said this,
they ran me down, they talked trash
about me. I heard it from another
minister that told me they're
saying this and that. You hold all
this hurt in your heart because people
are mean.
The comment sections are mean and words
hurt.
Emails hurt.
People are just being people, I guess.
But you take offense to some things.
The Lord showed me
through this book, a healthy spirit
doesn't get offended.
Diana and I have listened to the sermon
series.
We've listened to it over the last
three days. This is our second time to
listen to it now.
We listened to it all day today. They
had some new stuff that he's bringing
out.
He was teaching some of it
again.
The publisher said it was
too much scripture in the book, and they
wouldn't even publish
it.
He gave up on it, was really
down, and there was a lot of things
that he tells through the stories of
what he went through, the persecution
and the offense of trying not to be
offended right in the book about
offense.
I'm going to tell
you,
I would say
out of me
telling you all what I feel,
that every believer—and like I said, I
don't know this
man—I'm
not trying to sell his books.
I don't push books.
I don't even write books. I don't
try to sell anything to anybody in
the body of Christ. I don't ask for
nothing.
I'm just telling
you what helps me.
If you say, "Well, Brandon, I
think that book's
trash,"that's
your opinion. But I
just wanted to tell you what was
helping Diana and I. As I started
praying for those that have offended me,
it hurt.
There's been a lot of people hurt me
lately, big ministers.
And I walk away
and you don't realize you've
stuffed the offense down in there.
You're like,
"I don't want
to talk about them right
now."And
the Lord says,
"You've got to let that go.""Well, I'm not
offended.""Yeah,
you
are."The
more I meditate on the word
and what the Lord told us was coming in
these last days, I don't want to be a
statistic.
Many will be offended. Not me. I'm
going to be healthy
spiritually. He used the example
when he was preaching. He had this big,
muscular
guy walk up and just
shove
him really hard, and it didn't really
phase him that much. But then he took a
chair and he said, "If I take this chair
and break that chair over his
body, it will wound him.
It don't just hurt a little
bit, but that will wound
him."But
he started talking about the more
you go to the spiritual gym
and you work out and you take care of
yourself spiritually, the more you're
able to take it. He had a
neighbor that was part of the WWE
wrestlers,
and they could take chairs and hit him
upside the head.
But because he was so physically fit and
so built like a rock,
those chairs didn't bother him anymore.
I started
thinking about that. I've meditated on
that all day long and yesterday. I
just felt like somebody was taking a
piece of sandpaper
and a
Brillo
pad and just
rubbing me on the inside
in my soul.
Same with Diana. She cried, and
she started praying for the
people. We did it as a
family. We took communion over it. I have
practiced it. I'm telling
you, I'm determined to go to the greater
glory.
I'm determined to walk with him in a
greater measure of the presence of God
on my life than I ever have before.
I know that I have all kinds
of things that I work out;
we all do. We are all a work in
progress, but this is another phase that I
have
to really work on.
This is another phase that I realize
that Brandon is really messed up here
and I have to fix it.
Being jealous of other ministers,
being able to hang out with other
ministers and they are accepted in other
crowds and you are not,
and the Lord said, I did not want you in
that crowd.
Well, I would like to hang out over there
and be friends. No, that is not what I
want for you.
Well, I do not understand why they
are
accepted.
And then you take offense to not being
accepted. It all goes back to a lot of
insecurities from going through
school. You are not at the popular
kid table. You are at the
bullies,
the bullies bully you. I was bullied a
lot in school and I had a lot of
learning disabilities,
and being a child that could barely
read and do math and do all these
things, I was in special ed all my life.
And being in special ed, every time we
went to PE or any of those places, I was
brutally picked on every day.
When you get to an adult level,
I realize it is just like at school,
that you are not a lot of
times invited. You may be a
little different because you had special
needs or whatever.
You can say whatever it is, it is like
learning
disabilities or whatever, and you
are
still not invited to the cool kid
table, no matter how big the platform
grows. I ministered to, last week we
ministered to three and a half million
people just on this alone,
and you think, well, that will get you
into the cool kid table,
and it
is
the offense
and you walk in it, and the Lord said, Brandon, I
did not
call you to hang around
them. I need you to be you.
I need you to be you. And in doing so,
it will prove to be accurate. There
will
be things that you say
that I will tell you to say and it
will help people and it will change the
nations.
But it will take dying to self.
And the more you squirm, the more you
realize you are not dead.
The more you are offended, it hurts. The
more you realize you are not dead.
And the same thing with my
beautiful wife,
rejection from family, rejection from
things, it is very painful.
And she started going through her thing
and she sat there and I
said, My God, you are one of the
strongest people I have ever seen in my
life. I can tell you she is
one of my rocks other than
the Lord Jesus Christ. I rely on Diana
a lot.
And so I try to bring these little
things to you at the beginning really
quickly because I do not want to waste a
lot of your time. But
this book will help you if you walk in
offense.
And you may say, Well,
Brandon, I do not walk in
offense.
Examine yourself because I
did
not
think I did either. And The
Bait of Satan is a really good book.
I want to go over some of the things
about anonymous.
I thought it was pretty interesting. Now
everybody said, Brandon, there is a lot of
people you know that anonymous, that
when he released that, whoever this man
is, this anonymous, when I told you
anonymous
was going to release some kind of thing
concerning the Epstein files in the days
ahead. You can show them Braden.
Which one?
You can show him that.
This one.
You got it.
Yep.
Devils walk this earth wearing human
skin. The Epstein files are proof of
anonymous.
Some of these Epstein files are
posted using links with wrong file types
to them. We have been correcting and
analyzing these files, making them
viewable. We found hundreds of videos
already. Some are new, like these
perspectives of Epstein Island and even
the temple. But these files do not just
contain scenery. They contain pieces of
stories so horrifying and so disgusting
they depict how these acts of evil were
organized. Recognize Deepak Chopra. Yoga
usually does not include touching or the
need to redact a possible victim's face,
but it also shows Epstein himself with
redacted children on many instances,
even on Epstein Island. That
is
a cute picture because
you cannot
even see your face with all
the hair in front of it.
We have discovered
3,097
files that need extensive reviewing and
have already identified multiple people
and locations around the world. As we
correct the file links every few days,
we will upload to the link provided on
this post. We will need the help of you,
the public. If you see something you can
identify in these files, tag us and let
us know what you see. If we can confirm
it, we will update the file information
with your help. There are moments in
human history where all must come
together to prevent evil from impacting
our communities and our children. This
is one of those moments. We are working
on a larger project for these files as
well to help put the bigger picture of
it all into perspective. Your input on
these files we are identifying will help
us create this mega file. Together we
can shed light on this darkness, demand
transparency and justice because without
that then we are simply giving a free
pass to the devils walking this earth
wearing
human skin. And these
devils prey on your children. So stand
up. We are anonymous. My name is Legion.
Expect Epstein file drops to update
every few days.
Now,
if we go back
to whenever the Lord gave me the word
and he said, you want to play it, the
word that I gave. Now, that man's post,
whoever this anonymous man is, I saw him
by the spirit of God, and I never tell
what he looked like,
but I saw him.
And so I always hide those things
because I protect these people, and I do
not
want to put myself in danger
either. I
am
talking about the leader.
But the Lord shows me certain things and
he will allow me to see it to pray for
them.
I believe we are to pray for that man.
They call himself Legion. People
freaking out about that. Legion. Well,
Legion does not mean devil. Legion is
a number
from what I understand because I told,
I told Diana, I said Legion is many.
That was in
the
Mad Men of Gadara and that was I was
thinking, well that is really demonic, but
Legion is a number
from
what I understand, because Diana and Braden
was trying to help me with it, because I
was like this dude is evil, but I started
praying for him because it sounded like, because
he is
calling them devils and the
things that he is saying and I know that
is
probably AI, that is probably not
even the real, a unit of three to six
thousand men is an ancient Roman army is
called a legion.
So it has nothing to do with
demons.
So
I think that is why we
automatically label everything as a
devil behind every bush. But I was
trying to, when I was praying over what
the Lord had showed me about this. Now
is the word spot on what God showed me?
No.
I saw a ransom of $40 million. He did
not
mention nothing about $40
million,
but the Lord said, Go by what he said,
post it. I want them to hear
it.
Okay. This is just raw.
This is raw.
Yeah. So, you do not have to.
This is February 1 of what the Lord
showed me about this anonymous man.
I saw anonymous.
It was painted before my face and a word
and I saw another mask anonymous. But I
saw this individual that was a hacker,
a computer hacker that was some kind of
elite computer hacker group that the
Lord said that they would get in the
days ahead, this kind of hackers were
going to get some kind of secret
information concerning like Epstein list
stuff to expose darkness in major arenas
and they wanted a ransom,
big money, over $40 million is what I was
shown, big bucks, but they did not get. Now
I do not hear anything about that, that
is
why I want to say was the word spot on. I
said anonymous was going to do things
about Epstein files and this is coming. Now
will there be a ransom in the
days ahead concerning these elites? I do
not
know. We need to watch and find out
but as of right now that word is not all
right.
So, but I saw a ransom of $40 million
in the vision. And so I thought it was
very interesting because I saw elite
basketball players and Hollywood
movie stars and politicians that
would be exposed at a greater level in
the days ahead with great embarrassing
moments. And one of them ran for
president here. I heard her say,
I shouldn't have even run for office
because of things that will be exposed
in the days ahead.
I saw
people of
color and
different ethnic backgrounds. There
were not
a lot of Caucasians.
I saw them being very enraged at some of
the things that would be released.
They said, We have been
played. I have the video. You can hear
what I said. I
do not
always put everything out
with words like that because I
am
the
furthest thing from racist, and I always
try to protect people's feelings. We
are
all a body
of Christ. I do not look at people by a
different skin color, but I
am
going to tell you that is what I saw.
People
with dark skin were very upset. I want
you to hear the rest of this. This is the
beginning of
what
is coming out, and there will be more
things exposed than people
realize.
This is about to get really
ugly.
I truly believe this has the potential.
What did the Lord say about 2026?
When we were praying, he said it will be
a year of political theater.
Great political theater will be in 2026
for distractions leading up
to
the elections
in November for the midterm. I said, We
have a great opportunity to lose the
Senate. We will keep the House by just a
few. But I saw that we lose the Senate
and it flips blue.
So the Lord said, If you do not pray
like you did for
President Trump to win
last November.
Was it not last November? Two years. It
is
over a year ago. Time goes.
This
is
the
midterm. This will be
a very serious time.
We will continue to pray, but I want
you to hear the rest of the word. I
am
always transparent. I have
nothing to
hide.
But they did not get what they wanted.
Then I saw major key sports figures,
huge people. I saw the Lakers.
It was very bold. I saw the colors that
were
connected to this darkness. I
saw key figures with the Lakers, past
and present. Musicians
that are here and some that are not. The
Lord said this has been going on since
the foundation of America and it
is
underground. He said the
darkness that is being exposed will
expose
generations.
This is going to be what we would call a
new Edward Snowden in the days ahead
that will even leak things out of the
Vatican.
I saw file cabinets that lined a hall
that held generational records of
sex abuse and things that were buried in
the Vatican that they did not want
out.
The Lord said,
Remember what I warned you? 1
Corinthians 5:5 will come to its full
manifestation.
The harvest
will come to its
full manifestation
in 2026. You
are
going to see great ministers
exposed.
Dark things will come out
on
social media and
in their
personal lives. Things that
people have tried to keep quiet.
There
will
be a
cleansing of my church. It
will not
just be in the charismatic
realm of influence.
This will be in every denomination.
It rains on
the unjust and the just. You
are
going to see an exposing. This
is 1
Corinthians 5:5 coming to
full fruit.
What we are seeing with this,
and
then we are seeing stuff in the church.
The Lord said, You will see things with
the church. You will see big churches. I
saw churches in California. I saw
TV stations. I
saw mega ministers
that would be on the platform
and would be no more. They would have to
resign
because of sin that was buried.
The Lord said, I
am cleansing my house.
will be a year of cleansing.
For I am cleaning up my church. 1
Corinthians 5:5. That
is
the
scripture for the year 2026. I
am
cleaning my church. But it will not just be
about the church because judgment begins
in the house of the Lord first. And he
said, Because of this, I will also
clean the world, and you will start to see
the manifestations of it in 2026.
So,
we see more about 3 million Epstein list
video
photos and Bill Gates and all these
other people.
Allegedly, I do not want to say
anybody did anything until there
is
actual palpable proof. I am not
going to get involved in that because it
gives you people slander.
But I am going to tell you there is a lot
of names and that is part of what I believe 1
Corinthians 5:5
of what the Lord told us.
I believe with all my heart
because the Lord said judgment begins in
the house of the Lord first. I
am
cleaning up my church. I
cleaning up the bride to bring her to my
side. There is a shaking to awaken.
In this, you will see a great shaking to
awaken
because the church is asleep. There
is
too much charismatic flakiness. There
too much corruption in the
money. There is too much corruption in
the Hollywood church.
The Lord said, I am cleaning it up and
I am
raising up new Davids
and new Esters. I am going to raise up
new backbone
Christians that are nobodies.
And they will seemingly come out of
nowhere. Where did this guy come
from? Where did she come from? They
just try to have a voice that is
magnified. It will happen overnight. You
will
see people, he said, they
be on the platform preaching and they
are
going to fall over dead in the middle of
their sermons
like Ananias and Sapphira. The glory will
come in and they will go.
I saw them dying right there. In the
visions and the times I prayed, the Lord
said, I am done. I am done with how
people have treated the church and they
try to treat it like the money changers. I
am
tired of them treating and doing
things the way they have done it. I
am
going to do it all different. There
is
going to be a glory and there
going to be a cleansing of my
house. I am going to put people in
there that will preach repentance and
holiness. They are going to bring it
back into my church. It is not going
to be church as usual. It will be
church unusual. You
are
going to see ministers that
have mega ministries that will go home
suddenly. Not all of them, he said, it
is
by judgment or a cleansing. Some of
them, it is just time for them to come
home.
But I am going to raise up. He said, there
is
no such thing as nepotism in
my body.
The anointing, just because you are a son or
a daughter
of that individual, does
not
mean it
automatically transfers on you. It is by
refining fire.
You have a treasure in earthen
vessels
that the excellency of the power is
known of him and not of you.
Just because I might be a cousin or
a daughter or a son to this
big major mega minister does not mean
that I am qualified.
Qualification comes through refining. I
am
going to bring up
people that seem to be, like I
said, that came out of nowhere.
But this is what he is trying to get
across. You have got to
get offense out of your heart. If you
want me to use you greater in these last
days, you have got to pray for those that
despitefully use you and come against
you.
Repent. Do
not
hold a grudge towards your brother
or your sister anymore. And I said,
Lord, they are rude.
They hurt me. I'm bullied. I'm bullied
as an adult and I'm bullied as a child.
Get bigger. Get stronger. Go to the
spiritual gym. A healthy soul doesn't
get offended, son.
That's unhealthy.
Let it just bounce off you like water
off a duck's back. Keep marching, boy.
Pray for them.
Love on him. I had every reason, he
said, to take offense to all.
Look at the disciples. They all
deserted him when he was being
crucified, other than one.
Peter denied him all them times and
looked like a total jerk.
I don't know him. Never did.
He walked with him
for three years. Walked with him.
Was his friend. Ate dinner with him
every night.
Slept by him at a campfire looking at
the stars.
Knew whenever they had to have a
bathroom break.
Where's Peter? Oh, he had to go to the
bathroom.
They knew each other.
Jesus had every right to be
offended at Peter,
but he took no offense.
Even whenever he came up there and
presented himself to him after he came
up out of the grave, doubting Thomas
was still questioning it.
The glory of the Lord had to have been
there.
He's in his glorified body.
Doc Tom still can, I don't know if
that's you. Is that really? Are you
kidding me?
But he was patient with him.
He could have been offended at that, but
he didn't.
I search
myself.
I told Braden, I said, if I do anything
on this channel, I search. I just
want to strip myself of everything, of
all ego and all pride, of whatever I've
got to do to get closer to him.
Whatever it takes to walk by him.
I realize that you're going to get
persecuted by all kinds of big
YouTubers. People just come out and just
run you ragged, tell you you're false
and you don't hear God. You know
what? They may be right. I might have
missed it.
I don't want to be a person who defends
myself. John says in this book that
Jesus stood before the judge before all
of them and they were accusing him and
ridiculing him and he spoke nothing out
of his mouth to defend himself.
No matter how much mudslinging there
was, Jesus didn't defend himself. And
they were making all kinds of claims of
everything. And he could have said, you
every one of y'all liars up in here,
but he didn't say nothing.
He took no word to it. He could have
defended himself.
The glory of God could have
knocked them all out right there
and judged them all right
there dead.
But he didn't. They ripped out his
beard. They punched him in the face.
They put a crown of thorns on his head.
They beat his back with rods. They
whipped him. They did all
kinds of things.
But he didn't say anything to defend
himself. And that happens to me a lot.
You said this about Trump. You said his
life was in danger. You're a false
prophet, Brandon. You missed it. I pray
for the man. The Lord came. He stood
right here.
Said, you need to pray for him. And
I'm holding the church accountable.
His life is in danger. You must pray for
him. And I can even tell you what the
man looks like that tries to hurt
him,
very great detail.
But am I human and can I miss it? Yes.
I'm just Brandon.
But it tries to get, when you hear these
big people, big names run you down, it
hurts. And I'm telling you, offense
tried to rise up big inside of me. I
said, oh God, I don't want it
to fit. I want to be like you.
So, I'm trying to tell you all what I
try to practice, and I may not be that
good at it.
But, I'm trying.
I'm a work in progress.
It is what it is.
That's just what he said. And this
blessed me. So
going over this book with my wife,
I just thought, what does it take?
What does it take to get to the end of
this and him say, Well done, thy good
and faithful servant.
What does it take to get to the end of
it? And him look at me and say, Enter
into my rest. You did it.
Not depart from me. I never knew you.
When I was trying to play church,
trying to play Hollywood,
all of people's opinions change like the
weather. Oklahoma weather. It's cold
here one minute and it's hot the next.
You don't ever know what you're going to
get when you wake up the next day.
And that's the way people are.
Who cares?
And that's what's happened to stripped
me off. Just like the Lord said, die to
it.
Die to it. Don't let it affect your
health.
We all have sinned and come short of the
glory.
I repent just like you do every single
day and I say, God, help me.
I need you. I can't do this without you.
Search me and know me. Use me in these
end times to be that light in the
darkness that when people see me, they
see you.
Because I'm attracting to deflect.
I'm going vertical. I stay vertical with
you.
I keep my eyes on a holy God because I'm
flawed and I'm saved by your grace,
Lord. And I'm a work in progress. But my
goodness, I've got a long ways to go.
So,
I think one of the things I like I said,
you don't realize you're dealing with it
until the Lord points it out to you.
Said, Brandon, you got offense. You got
to work on that, too. And I say, Ah.
So, I bring it to you. It's not real.
It's pretty raw. It's not real cooked,
you know, until I can't teach it yet.
But one day I want to have this down so
much inside of me that I'll be
able to teach it better than the author.
You know,
I just say help me because I believe
this man really has something here.
And
I want to go from glory to glory, y'all.
I want to be just like him,
Jesus.
Does that make sense? Does that help
you? I hope it does because I'm
telling you, we all got stuff we're
going through.
Do you want to play the rest of
that word?
Yeah,
you can. I mean, because I don't, like
I said, to be transparent, this is what
I said February 1st.
Play it and then let's pray.
Darkness that's coming that will be
exposed through things that have been
buried even in the Vatican. And there's
things that will be brought to light.
That's what the Lord said. I don't know
how a hacker could find all that.
It's me in my natural mind. I try to
wrap my mind around what the Lord's
saying. And it's probably
not a healthy thing to do, but I, you
know, because this is me. I see the
vision, what the Lord's given me, and I
go, Whoa, how even worse than what's
been exposed this last two days with
Bill Gates and the Russian girl and
all that stuff and the things that
were said on there and the emails and
his wife and all that. That's very
humiliating.
It is. It's very humiliating.
It's pretty gross.
You know, you saw all the oil tankers
headed toward Europe and there was a lot
of people trying to watch the
planes and the flight patterns and
all that.
If you go back to what the Lord said
before we pray, if you go back to what I
told you, what I saw in the last vision
of the gecko,
it wasn't Elon Musk I was seeing in
there. There were so many of you
question who's the gecko.
It's not Elon Musk. I said Elon Musk
presented himself at that time as a rat.
Not a gecko, not a lizard, not a
chameleon,
not someone that is very good with their
words. Now, do I think Elon Musk is not
good with his words? I don't know. I
mean, he comes across pretty
intelligent, but not like somebody else
does.
But I saw a lizard
at this person that was whispering in
Trump's ears and he had his full
attention.
And I saw Rubio in the office
concerning the Spanish, the Mexican
people and the Cubans.
And I saw a flag that was moving like
this that Cuba was on bottom and
the Mexican flag was
on bottom. And they were trying to merge
together in some way, but they were
transparent and they were moving upon
the water.
Excuse
me. I saw Claudia with her back
toward Cuba.
People said, Brandon, you said you saw
Claudia be removed in the days ahead. I
said, Yes, with a man that looks like
Antonio Banderas that is a
conservative.
But the Lord specifically said Claudia
will be removed in the days ahead and
another person will come if the church
will pray.
It was conditional. There
is
going to be a shaking in Mexico
in the days ahead. He said, remember there
will
be great things starting
to take
place with the cartel. Does anybody
remember that?
I have the videos in there.
Things will start to shake. I said,
Watch for they will try to
bring forth guerilla warfare from Cuba against
the
Trump administration and our troops that
are occupying
Venezuela
and their oil fields.
And when this happens,
they will come out of Colombia and
Brazil and they will
rise up as guerrilla and they will
threaten the cartel.
I have
been overcoming a virus and I have gotten
a lot better.
I saw
guerrilla warfare
coming against our servicemen and
women on the ground in Venezuela.
But I saw it coming against Claudia.
Remember things would start to happen
and I saw America be involved in this
concerning Rubio.
A shaking was going to take place in
Mexico.
This was back at the first of the year
in January. I gave these words and I
told you all what was coming and I said
all these things are about to uncover.
And I saw the man in Cuba, Castro guy
in a bunker
in the side of a mountain
facing America.
And I saw it in the side of a mountain.
There was a bunker and it was in the
middle of the thing. And I saw this guy
hiding.
This guy right here, Braden can show
him.
Miguel
Diaz-Canel.
Yep. Miguel Diaz-Canel. Is that right?
Yeah.
He was hiding in a bunker and he was
trying to make it where they could
not
get to him. And I saw African
American
men with
big guns surrounding it. And it was one
way in and one way out.
And there were old looking wires and
antennas all over this place. And it was
really strange everything I was
seeing.
So
I saw them in retaliation,
the drug cartels
in
retaliation trying to put devices on
cruise ships.
Does anybody
remember that? I saw them putting
devices on cruise ships and boats, little
inflatable boats
trying to put something on it.
It looked to me
that it was some kind of device
that was stuck and they were going up in the
night trying to go up next to the cruise
boat. And I thought it was interesting.
So, I have prayed over that. We have all
prayed over these things. Have we
stopped that? I believe we have. We
could have. I am not going to sit there
and say no. I believe
prayer changes things. That is the whole
point of the channel.
That was on what day was that,
son?
I think it was December something.
Yeah, he
is
looking at the Chinese
channel. Oh yeah. Do
you
remember the
thumbnail?
I like that thumbnail. You should have
put that in the American show. That
is
actually cool.
December 6th.
December 6th, we told the word about
that. December 6th
is when I saw that in the spirit. It
is
with my wife and I.
So,
we see what is going on with that guy
getting taken out, one of
their head people,
and they are retaliating and they are taking
hostages. They are
trying to take American
hostages and they are trying to do all
this craziness in Mexico right now. I
believe this is the beginning of the
flip of Claudia in the days ahead. I
believe Claudia's days of being the
leader of Mexico could be coming to an
end soon. And I pray they are. And I
would pray that this new leader,
this Antonio Banderas model looking
guy, he looked very
sophisticated. He
looked very handsome the way he carried
himself. He was a very clean-cut man. And
I pray for the Mexican people that this
would happen for them. A very good
leader. A good leader. I saw the same
thing coming for Cuba and a major
revival coming out of Cuba. I saw a
major revival coming for Venezuela,
Brazil, Colombia, and
all these areas of a major harvest of
souls.
So I am still standing with the Cuban
people. I am standing with the Venezuelan
people that they will have a major
revival and this will be the window and
the door of opportunity for a
major something happening. We are seeing
it
as I was in the spirit.
As I was in the spirit,
I saw
the third temple being negotiated with
MBS in the days ahead.
I also saw our new ballroom being
completed and it was beautiful. It truly
was. Trump does a really good job on it, whoever
is
working on it, the
designers, the architect of that, it
is
going to really make the American people
proud. It is a really beautiful
ballroom. What I saw in the spirit, an
actual you see designs or
whatever people talk about, but I
am
talking it looks beautiful on the lawn, it
is
something to be seen. I saw it in
the vision and I saw the negotiations of
the third temple.
I saw the groundwork starting
to be done and I also saw them starting
to build on the Gaza, looked like steel
structures on one end only. It was all
down at the one end. And I saw them
starting to build steel structures. It was
not
like 2x4s like we would build a
house here in America. These were steel
looking buildings like steel structures.
You know, we may have that in New York
City, but I am talking about
when you build a house here, a lot
of people use 2x4s and concrete blocks
and cinder blocks and stuff, but this
looked like steel beams coming
up out of a desert looking
like sand.
Folks, all I know is that Jesus Christ
is coming. And when we look at all the
things that are happening right now on
the earth and the signs of the times of
these last days, I am telling you, he
is
coming sooner than what we realize.
Sooner than later. So, I have talked way
too long. Let
us
take communion and pray.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for
your body. We thank you, Lord, for all
that you have done for us. Lord, we
are
thankful that you died for us and you
rose again on the third day. Lord, by
your stripes, we are healed. We do
not
have sickness in our bodies. We believe,
Father, that we are redeemed from the
curse of the law according to Galatians.
And I thank you, Father, that I do
not
have to walk in sickness. I do
have to walk in disease. I do not have to
walk in poverty. I do not have to walk in
lack because Jesus Christ paid the price
for me to walk in victory. Now I receive
that victory by faith. Lord, I receive
it right now in the name of Jesus. I
take what belongs to me.
I do not need to bear what you
took it all. I do not need to take it. I do
not
need to have that in my body
anymore.
And I thank you, Lord, right now. I
am
redeemed from it and I have taken it by
faith and we are healed and whole and
well in Jesus name.
Thank you Lord for the blood Lord. We
make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. And we thank you Lord
for the blood of Jesus. And we cover
ourselves
in the blood and we apply the
blood.
And Father I thank you Lord
that it never loses its power.
That the moment I confess my sins, you
are
faithful and just to forgive me
of my sins and cleanse me of all
unrighteousness.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the
blood
and it applied to our life. We apply it
to my children. We apply it to my
finances. We apply it to the
ministry. We apply it to
everything we put our hands to, it will
prosper because you are with us. And
goodness and mercy are following us. And
we believe, Father, it is running us
down. We
are
so good. You are so good, Lord. And
your mercy endures forever. And we take
the blood right now in the name of
Jesus. And we apply the blood. And I
thank you, Lord, that everybody that
is
here tonight
all around the world, they
are
watching all over the place.
I thank you, Father, that there is an
expiration date for what they have been
believing for. No matter how big it
seems, no matter how little it is, it
could just be a hangnail. Who knows? But
all I know is that Jesus Christ made it
where they can have victory over every
circumstance in their life.
We thank you, Lord, that tonight is
the beginning of a great
turnaround in their finances. There is a
great beginning of a great turnaround in
their marriages, in their health, in
their minds. Father, I thank you, Lord,
for the blood that covers us. And we
take this blood right now in
Jesus'name.
You say, Well, Brandon, that is not
the way we do communion at
church. Well, that is the way
Brandon
does it.
I
do
not
try to mock everybody else. I just want
to be me and be with Him. Be
authentic. When you get real with God,
God will become real to you.
Stop trying to play church. Be real.
Strip yourself down. Say, Hey, here am
I, Lord. Use me.
And He will do it. If I look at all the
times whenever I say some
plant, some water,
and some bring forth the increase. I
messed the scripture up. It is God who brings
forth the increase.
And if God can use Brandon, He can use
you. I said, man, I mess up the
scriptures, but is that not amazing?
If God can use Brandon, He can use you.
Some plant, some water, and God, He
brings forth the increase. Not some
bring forth the increase. But that
is
just me, you know? Is
that not
wonderful though that He can
use you despite all that? You do not have
to be perfect for Him to use you and
say, Well, he knows the Bible a lot.
Like a scholar, like some Rick Renner or
somebody that knows it really well and
knows the Greek and everything. He
will
just use you right where you are, a
janitor,
and He will say, Go on YouTube in front
of thousands of people and tell them,
I am
coming.
And I say, Okay, I will do it.
Some plant, some water, and God, He
brings forth the increase.
Not man. He does not. They do not do
it. He will
use us to do it, I guess.
So, Father, we just thank you, Lord,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We apply the
blood of Jesus over me. And I thank you,
Lord, that there is no demonic spirit
that talks to me, I hear you. In a
stranger's voice, I will not follow.
If you want to show me anything, Lord,
if there is anything that I can do to
help you tonight, I yield myself to you.
I humble myself underneath the mighty
hand of God, and in due time you said
you would exalt us. And I thank you,
Lord, that the blood of Jesus is covered
over my eyes and that I hear and I see
anything and everything that you want me
to see and hear. And Father, I will not be
interrupted by any demonic spirit. I
bind witchcraft, incantations, chants,
voodoo off this house, any
spell, anything they try to
throw at me while I am doing it. I take
authority over you in the name of Jesus
and it falls to my feet
and some have returned back to you
double.
And I thank you, Lord, that the angels,
just like you sent me Big George last
time. Lord, I thank you, Lord, that Big
George is here tonight. People say, Who
is
Big George? I have an angel and
I see him periodically. I do not see
him all the time, but I
have
seen him more often
than any other angel I have seen.
But he will never tell me
his name. So I said, I am going to and I do
not
talk to it. You know, I always
give God the glory and I know because
he is
beholding the face of Jesus, but he
is
watching over us. And so, he never
has told me his name. So I just told my
kids one day, I said, You know
what? We are going to name him Big
George.
And so it just stuck. So anytime I
tell you I see Big George, he is my
angel. And I have called him Big
George ever since. He has huge fingers.
Huge sausage fingers. His hands are
massive.
And his hands are huge
and they look like they can
squash your head like a grape. That
is
how big. I
am
so glad that God has given his
angels to keep charge over us. And when
we were being messed with last
broadcast, God sent Joy. I saw him. He
is
standing right there.
Stood right by my son protecting both of
us while we were doing this broadcast.
I know the Lord, the angels are
always there. But it sure makes you feel
good in the natural
whenever you are coming up for
spiritual warfare and you see him there.
Kind of like how the big angel stood
right here and he had that opal shield
and he had that fiery sword in his hand
and he every time he said, I have a
message for you from the Almighty
Father, and he spoke the message to me,
but the moment he spoke the message
he looked to the Father and the glory of
the Lord filled our house that night and
he kept standing there and he
would praise the Lord. He
was talking to us, but every time he
would say what he was supposed to
say,
he always looked to the Father. He was
not
just a Rambo doing his own thing,
looking around, doing all this. He was
looking to the Father. He was never
moved.
Now, I know people say, Well, I see
this angel and they are doing this and they
are
doing that. That for whatever
thing I have ever seen is they are always
giving Him praise. It is like the
chain-link
angels are walking outside
my house and those demons were trying to
get in. They were always worshiping the
Father.
They do not have an agenda of their own.
When they are sent as ministering
spirits sent forth to the heirs of
salvation, they are helping us, but they
are
beholding Him.
So I get I have a real hard time all
the
time with people saying this angel is doing
that and he is over here playing around. He
is
doing that. No, I do
not
believe it. They behold the face of the
Lord. I have seen every time they are looking
at Him and the glory of God is all over
them and they shine with Him because
their face is toward Him and they
are
looking to His throne. Even when they
working and doing things, they may be on
assignment. They will speak to you and they
will
say it, but every single time they
are
finished, they are looking at
Him. That
is
what we should be doing, looking
at Him. They are always going vertical.
They do not go horizontal. The angels of
the Lord go vertical. They
are
looking at Him. Why? Because
they know who is boss.
The devil is full of pride. The devil
is
always looking. They are the ones that
are
trying to seek whom they can
devour. They are doing all
that
because they are not looking to Him.
So, be careful.
You may be entertaining a devil and you do
not
even know it.
Who beholds the face of the Lord? Our
angels do. They look at Him.
He is worthy to be praised, ladies and
gentlemen.
They may have an assignment and they may
speak to you and they may have a message
from the Lord, but it is always to give
Him glory and always to give Him honor
and always to give Him praise. It
is
not weird.
So,
I felt anointing all over when I said
that.
It came all over my ears.
When that cloak
comes on me, it comes on and I feel
my ears turn like matchsticks and they
burn like fire. And whenever He starts
to talk to me
and it comes on my head and it feels
like fire, I feel like fire shut up in
my bones.
Oh, Father, we worship you. We
are
so we worship you, Father. You are
so worthy.
I do not know if I should sing a song, but I
think sometimes because I
look for Him because of what
it
is
in the presence
of Jehovah
God Almighty. Mighty
Prince of Peace.
Troubles
vanish,
hearts are mended
in the presence
of the King.
In the
presence
of
Jehovah,
God Almighty,
Prince
of Peace,
troubles vanish.
Hearts are mended
in the presence
of the King.
We worship you and we magnify you.
Holy, holy, holy
are you, Lord.
Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord.
The elders and angels bow.
The redeemed they worship you now.
Holy, holy, holy
are you, Lord.
Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord.
The elders and angels bow.
The redeemed
they worship you now.
Holy, holy, holy
are you, Lord.
Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord.
I feel the brush of angel's wings.
I see glory on each face.
Surely
the presence
of the Lord is in this place.
Surely
the presence
of the Lord is in this place.
I can feel it.
I can feel the brush of
angels'wings.
I see glory on each face.
Surely.
Holy Spirit.
If I could just sit with you a while.
I need you to hold me
moment by moment
till forever
passes by.
If I could just sit with you a while.
I need you to hold me
moment
by moment
till forever
passes by.
Moment by moment
till forever
passes by.
Place it at your feet.
We sit at your
feet.
And there's so many people with so many
needs tonight, Father.
There's so much going on in our world,
Father. There's so much governmental
corruption. There's so much going on.
You know about every bit of it.
But we just take the time
just to sit at your feet.
I'll have no other
for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you
or leave you alone
here in your arms.
I'll always be
at rest in your precious love you have
for me.
I love
you.
Oh, how I love you. I love
Oh, how I love you.
I'll have no other
for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you
or leave you alone.
I
love
you.
Oh, how I love
I love
you.
Oh, how I love you.
I have no other
for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you
or leave you alone.
I thank you, Father,
that you'll never leave us alone.
I thank you, Lord, that you love us.
I thank you, Lord, despite all the
things that we go through.
You've never left us and you've never
forsaken us. You said you'd be with us
always. Lo unto the end of the earth,
I'll be with you always.
Your ever-present help in a time of need.
And Father, tonight
we just sit at your feet.
We just love you. We worship you.
We praise you and we adore you
for you are soon coming king.
Thank you, Father,
that you become so real to the people
watching right now that you invade their
house with your presence.
For in your presence there's fullness of
joy,
joy unspeakable and full of glory.
We magnify you.
We magnify you, Lord.
Jesus.
There's just something about your name.
Jesus
loves me.
This I know.
For the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to him belong.
They are weak but he is strong.
Yes,
Jesus
loves me.
Yes, Jesus loves me.
Yes,
Jesus
loves me.
The Bible
tells me so.
Jesus loves me. This I know.
For the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to him belong.
They are weak but he is strong.
Thank you, Father.
Don't you like that? I like it whenever
you sing those songs like that. They're
just simple like a child
and the glory comes.
Oh Father, we see the glory.
We feel the glory come down. See the
glory.
See the glory.
See the glory come down.
See
the glory.
the glory come
down.
Hosanna.
I see it
out of the throne. I see it looks like
liquid love flowing out of it.
Almost like honey with sparkles in it.
And it's running down the steps.
Oh Father, let it fall on me.
Let it fall on them, Lord.
You see, this is what changes you from
the inside out.
It's going from glory to glory. It
changes you from the inside out.
Father, we worship you.
Whatever is on your heart. Lord,
open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
The things you're about to see, he's
saying concerning these false alien
visitations.
There's going to be a lot of you that
are snared by this.
There's no such thing as aliens; I'm going
to tell you this.
This is fallen angel stuff,
demonic spirits.
They're sent to deceive you.
This has to do with Nephilim.
This has to do with dark things. As
the days of Noah, so will it be when the
Son of Man returns. Think about what was
going on in Noah's time.
And I've told you what the Lord warned
me about countless times about flying
saucer looking demonic things that would
come up out of the sky and deceive the
nations and they'll hold up signs saying
welcome ET and all this weirdness
but it's going to be a great
distraction,
fearful sights you will see that will
bring you to your
knees.
You need to know there's going to be
alien files released on a wide scale
that's going to freak people
out
that our government and other
governments in the past have tried to
hide and the Smithsonian
and things of artifacts and demonic
things. And I'm telling you, it will try
to deceive the nations.
But this is just ancient angelic fallen
angel technology stuff. Tablets
that are in the ground.
Archeological discoveries are coming.
Things that will be brought up out of
the ground that's going to
shock and awe people.
Some of it will give more validation,
as what I want to call it, to the Bible.
Well,
the Bible stands alone. It don't
need to be validated. But the world
needs a lot of times a sign.
They have
to see to believe. Well, this is just an
old book. No, this book is this book
this is all that there is. This is
it. Thank God for the Bible. But there's
a lot of people unless they have a sign,
they're not going to believe. But God's
coming after even those that need
something,
creative miracles, signs and wonders in
these last days. And that's what I'm
seeing right now. I saw again when I was
praying some kind of blue
looking light,
some kind of demonic looking blue light
that will start flying in the sky to
deceive the people and it will be the
size of a car
and people are going to be tripping out
over this.
They're going to say, ET, what is this?
I warn you that this is demonic stuff.
It goes with the signs of the times.
Fearful sights that you will see that
will bring you to your
knees.
A shaking to awaken.
Signs in the heavens. Remember he said
five major shakings. And the earth and
the crust
with the sky signs in the heavens,
with finances, with politics and with the
church.
Five major shakings were coming.
And the shaking in the sky is going to
be asteroids,
meteorites, whatever alien false things.
And it's going to shake the nations,
folks.
They're going to try to explain away the
rapture of the church.
What did I tell you the antichrist will
say
when I was taken to tribulation? He
stood there and he told everybody the
Christians and the people that were
taken, the people that were
the ones who were in rebellion.
The people that are missing are in
rebellion. The aliens, the aliens came
and got them. They have to have an
alibi.
What happened? Where did they all go?
So, you're going to start to see stuff
and I keep seeing it.
People say, Is it project blue beam?
I don't know. I just know this
is going to be it's going to look very
real.
Whatever this is is something very real.
I'm looking for a tangible
experience
that won't be explained away by AI
and people go, that was AI. No,
a lightning storm is not AI.
Something big. And I saw it over the
Vatican and I saw it over the Mayan
temples and I saw and there were like
mother ships, major something.
And I'm telling you
now I'm seeing even more about this. Get
ready. Don't be deceived about what's
about to happen.
Don't be deceived.
A lot of people are going to run right
to it.
Oh, Father,
I thank you, Father, that they're strong
and they have a backbone.
You said in your word, man's hearts will
fail them for fear, looking after those
things that are coming on the earth,
looking at all this change, looking at
all this stuff, they're going to go, Oh
my gosh. And their hearts will fail
them for fear. What is going to scare
them so much that they'll have a heart
attack looking at it
with earthquakes, with volcanoes,
for these are the beginning of sorrows.
We're in the beginning of sorrows. We're
there
from September the 23rd of
this last year. He said this is the
point of no return
as labor pains upon a woman. He said
labor pains don't get better. People
keep prophesying and saying things are
going to get better. We're going to have
a moment of glory. We're going to do
all this stuff. I believe with all my
heart we're going to see the glorious
church do all this. Labor
pains don't get better; they get worse.
Ask my wife. Ask your wife if you have
children. They don't get better as labor
pains upon a woman; they get worse and
worse and worse. Now, can we have the
glory and the struggle? Yes,
you can. You can operate underneath the
glory and still have
nonsense going all around you.
The church is going to rise out of
pressure
like an olive press.
The Lord said, "Brandon, it's going to be
like an olive press
crushing those."And the glory comes
refining.
Father, we worship you tonight.
Now, Father, we lift up our president
before you right now in the name of
Jesus. And I thank you, Father, for him.
I thank you, Father, for President
Trump. We lift him up before you that there
are
angels in the front, in the
back, and on his sides. No weapon formed
against him shall prosper. We apply the
blood of Jesus, Father. And we thank
you, Lord, that he
takes no counsel from the ungodly,
Father, that he hears you concerning our
nation and he's not listening to
lizards. He's not listening to
demonic people that have a reptilian
spirit.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he hears
you and godly counsel is
put
around him in the name of Jesus. And
Father, that he wouldn't have pride.
If he's wrong, let him be quick
to repent and go on the right road, not
go down the wrong road just because he
thinks it's right. Let him be led by
your spirit, Lord. Humble him underneath
your mighty hand.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that out
of any president we've ever had that
I've known of, Father, he is more
Christian-friendly.
And I thank you,
Lord, that you bless him
tonight. Give him a good night's sleep,
God.
Give him a good night's sleep. Father, I
thank you that his marriage is better
than it's ever been. And Father, it's
not arranged and she's not sticking
around until after the presidency
because of things we have seen. Father,
there is a
freshness coming back to that.
Restore the old things.
Fix the hurting hearts.
Nothing's too damaged that you can't fix
it. Lord, I've seen a lot of people go
through a lot and you fix
marriages that are really on rocky soil.
And I thank you, Lord, as far as this
goes.
Nothing's impossible to him who
believes.
I thank you for Barron. I thank you for
Tiffany, for Ivanka,
for Don Jr., for Eric. I bless
them, Father, in the name of Jesus. We
thank you, Lord, that they're healed and
whole and well. Father, I thank you for
his Kai, for his granddaughter, for all
his grandkids, but especially this one.
Father, that there's something about
this young woman, Lord, that you bring
her before me to pray for her.
And I ask you, Father, to make her a
voice piece for you,
that you protect her. You protect her
going to school. You protect her
wherever she's at. Father, you protect
this young woman that no weapon
formed against her shall prosper. Father,
I pray over Don Jr. and over
Eric and over the business
endeavors that the blessing of the Lord
is on it that you said
you're going to double and you're going
to triple the Trumps and you're going to
restore back the wealth that was lost
through the last administration and all of
the
frivolous
lawsuits that were stupid.
I thank you, Father, that
everything is restored back
and I thank you, Lord, that
the blessing is on it and Father, we
thank you, Lord, for the leadership that's
over this nation and over JD Vance. Lord,
there's a lot of prayer that needs to go
there
for what I have seen but Father,
for whoever is supposed
to be in the presidency next time, I
thank you, Lord, that you bring them up
and you'll remove the ones that don't
need to be. Father, I pray over
Marco Rubio. I lift him up before you
right now in the name of Jesus. And I
thank you, Lord, that he would have a
backbone like a crowbar. And if he's
supposed to run for president in 2028,
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you'll
be bold about it and he will not shy
away. That Father, you'll visit him,
that you'll visit him,
that you'll visit Marco Rubio.
Lord, I thank you, Lord, that you'll use
who you want and whoever's supposed if you
tarry
and we're still here that
you'll bring in the one that you want.
And Father, I keep seeing Marco Rubio's
face before me. And I pray for him, not
JD Vance.
I thank you, Father, for Marco Rubio
that you bless him. You say, "You trying
to get political, Brandon?"No. I tell
you what I see in visions. I pray over
this man.
Certain people are lizards. Certain
people aren't.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you will get rid of the ones
that are not supposed to be in power.
They won't have political funding or
backing and people will look at it and
say, "We can see right through your
mess. You're deep state.
You're deep state. You are not
right."There
won't be no Monica Lewinsky
scandals up in our White House again.
There won't be no Marilyn Monroe
We're going to have everything all
cleaned
up right here. And
Father, you'll bring in the people that
need to be there and you'll expose the
darkness for what it is.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
protect our president and that you keep
him right before you. That the
thousand shall fall beside his side and
10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall
come nigh him.
I thank you, Father, that you protect
our homeland security. You give our
leaders over homeland security wisdom.
You keep our FBI and the leaders over
the FBI, right? And Father, you keep
our NSA, right? Father, I thank you,
Lord, that your hand is on this nation
and our marines, our navy,
our
men and women of service, our army,
space force, whatever. I thank you,
Father, that every single branch of the
military, Father, our leaders in the
military are wise and they're giving
President Trump godly counsel of what
they're supposed to be doing. And if you
say push the button against Iran, we
thank you, Lord, that the
Ayatollah
Committee is removed in the name of
Jesus and that they raise up a better
leader for the Iranian people.
And Russia stands down and China stands
down. It's about oil anyway.
Now, Father, they'll liberate a tyrant
government like it
is
with this community. He's an evil man.
His days are numbered. And I ask you,
Father, to remove this man
so
there'll be peace
for a revival in Iran.
I know Ezekiel 38 and 39 is about to take
place, but you don't want that anyone
should perish, Father. Even the Iranian
people, the Iraqi people, the
Afghanistan people, Pakistanis, all of
them. We ask, Father, for a major
revival all throughout the Middle East,
for a Holy Ghost and fire revival, all
throughout South America, all throughout
Africa, all throughout Asia, all
throughout Europe, all throughout Canada
and Australia and America, all of
it. Father, we're calling for the
greatest harvest of souls this world has
ever seen. We're calling in the
glory of the Lord over our churches,
over our pastors, over the prophets,
over the teachers, the evangelists, the
apostles. We call in the greatest move
of God we've ever seen. And
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
cleansing the house right now.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're
raising up new leaders, the ones that
don't stand in the way
that, Father, that say, "Let the spirit
of the Lord
move in my
congregation."Thank
you, Father, that Kim Jong-un is
being dealt with. That there's a move of
God moving all throughout North Korea.
That the people of South Korea have a
move of God. That they will not fall to
communism.
That they rise up and their leaders
would rise up and that that demonic
spirit of communism would not come and
infiltrate their nation, but they rise
up in the name of Jesus and resist that.
We say we will not be a nation that's
communist. We will not be a nation
that has an iron curtain, but we will be
a nation that prays, a nation that's
filled with and has the Holy Ghost with
fire of tongues,
healings, and demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory
all throughout South Korea, all
throughout Taiwan, all throughout Asia.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that even
Japan shakes in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
dealing with Carney and you're dealing
with what's going on right now. I
see it right now. Bad laws are trying to
be passed for persecution of the church
in Europe, in France, concerning your
right of speech,
coming against what they call hate
speech, just speaking and decreeing,
decreeing what the Bible says is hate
speech.
Father, I thank you Lord
for a shaking of these leaders.
That Father that righteousness and truth
will prevail. That the glorious church
will rise up. Father,
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord. We give you praise
and glory.
Father, I thank you.
Now, I'm not going to get in a hurry.
I'm going to sit here and listen.
Oh, Father, we
beseech.
I see
Garlinghouse.
I see things at a table, at a brown
table.
I see table. I see chairs. And I see the
decision is rice paper thin.
The new
digital age,
the new crypto,
the backing of this new law is rice
paper thin from happening.
It's surrounded by black and it's
surrounded by what is rice
paper, but it's symbolic.
The outlining of this thing is black as
onyx
as the embroidery around this paper. It
has a black thin layer that looks
as black as my son's color chart.
Can I show
that?
Yeah.
You see that?
There's a
this is how black this is on
this rice paper thin sheet that is
all around this.
It's like a tissue.
This is what it looks like.
It's symbolic. And it's at a table that
is brown and it's a long
conference table. I see banks in the
background. I see great banks in the
background with glass fronts.
And this is a new digital age.
A clarity.
A clarity. I hear the word, a clarity.
This is about clarity.
And this is rice paper thin from
happening.
And this will bring the clarity that
you're looking for for a rocket ship
to take off. But it has
restraints.
It has a rope around it.
There's a rope around the rocket.
It won't be able to take off as much as
what you think. It has a rope around it.
This is a three-stranded cord
and it's wrapped like twine
like it's wrapped
around the rocket's base where
it tried to take off.
It's hooked to the base of
a man.
It's trying to take off,
but there's a rope wrapped around it
and the bank is
trying to hold it down.
The bankers are trying to hold the rocket down
from going. So we'll allow it
to fly but underneath our control.
We will allow it to fly but
as a kite
by these bankers.
And they have a string that brings
clarity. It's rice paper thin, but
this thing look like, you know, whenever
you see the rocket has its little
tears and it looks like that. It looks
like one of those model rockets and it
goes up. It's white. The rocket's white,
the flames red, and there's colors on
these fins, but it's attached to
looks like a copper
cord that's
wrapped around this rocket that's held
down by these bankers.
And they're smiling on their face and
thinking they won. But the rocket is
pushing as hard as it could trying to go
above, but they are trying to hold it back.
Yeah, they'll try to hold back the
rocket today. They'll try to hold back
the rocket,
but they'll settle with it because they
have got clarity.
We're looking for the clarity
and we'll settle with clarity. We'll
settle just to have clarity. I see them
having, say,
clarity. Garlinghouse, we'll
settle with that. We can run with that.
We just need a foundation.
We
have foundation.
But the rope they think, 'Well,
we won. We've put a
leash around
it.'And
it's trying to take
off and it shoots up really fast, but it
has a rope to it and they try to grab a
hold of it.
Jamie
Dimon.
You know that man? He has a hold of it.
Who are those other two men by him?
Can you show me his face, baby, on your
phone? I need to see his face. Is that
right, Jamie Dimon? It's what
I
hear. Yep. That's him.
Yeah. JP Morgan, huh? You're holding it.
Who's over Bank of America? Who's over
Wells Fargo?
Three men.
Three men
holding the rocket hostage. Holding
the rocket hostage. And
when
the rocket
shoots
up, they try to pull it
down.
That's what the Lord said. But
they said we just want clarity.
Give us something.
We'll run with this.
I hear it. And that's what's about to
happen. You'll see this soon. It's
coming very, very close. It's rice paper
thin, but it has a black
edge. The Lord said it has a black edge.
What's the black edge, Lord? It's on a
table.
This is so close. It's so close to some
of you.
How do we make them let it go?
The Lord said, you just
don't realize how high that rocket
is, what you're seeing. Hold on to it.
It's to control.
They don't want to lose control.
You see,
Braden, you pulling? Do you hear what
I'm saying to you? Your mama's not here.
It's to lose control.
Oh, but it's not just about them. It's
about the foreign
once the foundation is laid.
Oh,
I see it.
What's the foundation and clarity?
Because
America runs Japan.
The sooners,
they want to try to jump on too.
You jump on too. It's about bringing
clarity.
As America's banking goes, so does the
world. Do you see?
There's so much financial corruption.
But a digital age, a digital new
frontier. And this will be backed by AI
and eventually they'll lose control.
It's to lose control.
It's being stuck in the old way of
thinking. It's stuck in the old way
of doing things before.
It's regulation.
I sing praises to your name,
oh Lord.
Praises
to your name,
oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly to be praised.
I'm just trying to figure
out what that is. I'm seeing
it right now. That rope. It looks like
some kind of copper.
And I see him offering it in their
banks. I see the king coin. I'm
not going to name coins. I see a coin
being offered at these banks for
investments.
It's almost like when you
say this is part of our program,
we'll offer this to you if
you want to do that.
It becomes more friendly.
That's all I'm going to say about that.
I'm not touching it because I do not
give investment advice. I'm just telling
you what I see in a vision. Now it
could be you say, 'Well, Brandon,
that's completely off.'Well, you know
what? We're human. But I feel the glory
and that's what I'm trying to tell
you. What I see today, what I feel like
the Holy Spirit is showing me.
I don't give investment advice. I stand by
what I see though.
What I feel the Lord has told me
when it comes to things like this. And
he's showing it for a reason for us to
pray over it.
Oh Father, we thank you.
What's interesting is it goes from
here and I see Europe and Europe
scrambles as clarity is brought. Europe
scrambles for their own thing.
I see Macron. I see England. I
see France right there. I see
France and Macron. England. Italy.
And they're scrambling. Germany. They
scramble
clarity in our own, the EU clarity
to jump on board.
Oh, there's so much here. I see.
What do I do with that Lord? All this
and even in
Saudi Arabia
with the oil guys,
with these big
businessmen. Man,
all hidden things be revealed.
All hidden things be revealed.
Now this is very interesting. Out of a
coin
laying on the ground
like you see it like this. There's a
whole bunch of coins and they're all
like this. I saw a devil crop out of it.
It looked like a demon that pulled
himself up out of that coin.
He started running.
It
looked like
a certain coin,
but a demon came up out of it.
All of it was
gold. Trying to back things by gold.
Trying to back things by precious
metals.
What backs it? What's its function?
Backed by gold, backed by this. But I
saw it was on this golden thing and a
demon came up right out of the middle of
this coin.
It looked like Lilo and Stitch, you
know, like that thing from Disney.
It looked like that little character.
It came up out of it and grabbed a hold
of its edges and pulled himself up out
of it.
I see great blessing coming on Israel.
I see great blessing coming on Israel
on their agriculture. I see it again. I
see blessing on Israel.
What are all these spiders?
I see spiders.
What is that?
The
Lord said that what you're seeing
is drones.
A new tech boom.
They're spider drones.
This is a new AI
using this for weapons.
I see spiders that are transparent, but
their belly the spiders are moving.
Am I saying something too much, Lord? I
thought I'd be still.
I cannot say nothing else. I'm sorry.
More shipping.
I can say this: advanced technological
breakthroughs
concerning different kind of warfare,
even in the water.
Aquatic
things on both countries.
Advanced
AI
warfare,
not just cyber.
I think I can say
this. Do you know how the stealth
is not detectable by radar?
Isn't that amazing?
But what if you couldn't see something
and it's there?
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I've said too much tonight. I don't want
to get myself in trouble, but the anointing
is
here, and I love to pull on
it, and I can see.
Sometimes it takes me a little
longer to get over there. And when I'm
there, I like to camp there
because I start seeing technological
things and things that I'll tell
Braden,
our governments are a lot smarter than
what people realize, and our
defense departments are a lot smarter
than people realize. When President
Trump says we have weapons that people
don't know about,
it's on a deeper level than anybody will
ever comprehend.
AI has taken us to a different
dimension.
And it's not just
ChatGPT.
People don't. It's not just ChatGPT or
what
was the other one? Gemini.
Gemini. Those are jokes. That's old
school stuff.
There's something so much more. Quantum
computing beyond your or my wildest dreams.
And Israel is a lot smarter than what
people realize.
They have far more advanced
technological advancement than anybody
realizes. And I even believe that's
smarter than even what America knows.
You're going to start to see cures for
things.
Cures for things that have been a plague
to society as you embrace this new AI
race.
They'll get you to trust it
with cures.
They have to get you to let your guard
down. It's the beast system.
It's your friend. Remember though,
everybody will say it's our friend.
It's not your friend. There's demons
coming up out of coins.
The main thing behind AI and the digital
writing was a demon. Remember that? I
said it came out with horns and it
formed right before me and it was a
demon.
Do not trust it. Do harness it. Don't
embrace it. As the Lord said, harness
it, don't embrace it, Brandon.
Father, we just love you.
At the edge of a new space race.
At the edge of a new
real space race,
like Star Wars, man.
I see a rock coming.
I see
a
rock coming.
I see a massive boulder and
it's coming. It's a massive rock and in
this rock there's
layers of light. There's gold
around it.
When I come up and I
come up out of here, I could see this
rock coming over there.
How do you give
direction? I see the rock over there.
I see a log in the middle of this thing
that is split.
I see an actual log.
Wood. Yep. Wood. It's a log that is
split.
The log is
glowing.
It almost looks like you know how you see the
rings in it.
It's metaphor. It has to be what he's
saying is wormwood.
Wood
wormwood. It's a play on words.
It's not an actual log. Wormwood.
It's Apophis.
This is
that rock.
I can tell you where it's at.
I see the direction it's coming from and
where it's at.
All you have to do is go up and
out that way.
It's that way.
I go up and out that way and it's
coming this way.
And it's big.
And it's glowing.
It's out that way.
It's like
I could see it in the vision. I could
almost grab a hold of it.
It's very spooky looking.
We're so close to Jesus coming.
We're so close to things coming.
Shakings,
revelation coming alive.
The book of Revelation is going to come
alive.
The book of Revelation is coming alive.
The pages of Revelation are coming
alive.
Oh, from Ezekiel 38 and
coming alive.
We're about to see the
things of the Bible come
alive.
Revelation.
Isn't that amazing?
We're seeing it come alive
right off the pages
in front of our eyes.
Things that we've read about, things
our great grandmas and grandpas have
read about are all coming alive right in
front of us.
The pages of the Bible.
Oh, isn't it wonderful?
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you that you said it would be our
generation that will not taste death.
That our generation will not taste
death.
Oh, Father,
that you're coming in our time.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
We fear you, not man.
We fear you, Lord, not man.
We fear you, God, not man.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We fear you, Lord, not man.
Give us boldness.
Give us boldness
as the day approaches. Give us
boldness.
Give us boldness.
A fire in our bellies, Father.
Let us walk in the greatest authority.
On a softer level,
you'll see these storms again.
These storms, I see the storms.
For the weather with manipulation
and weather modification
trying to control the storms, they will
lose control.
Remember
the hail bigger than you've ever
seen before.
Straight line winds bigger than you've
ever seen before. Tornadoes bigger than
you've ever seen before. As they try
to control they will lose control.
I see fires. I see fires on the land
from drought.
Many, many fires. Many
mountains on fire.
The mountains are on
fire.
It's the coastal land. It's the
coast, the coast to coast and
the coastal
message.
It's the volcano
and it's all in Italy. You understand?
The coast. The coast.
They'll try again. I see the Vatican.
They'll try again to become
relevant. A
shaking,
relevant.
They'll try to be
I see Green.
I
see great shaking coming to Italy.
Italy. Italy. Shaking, shaken with great
earthquakes. Great shaking in Italy.
Great shaking.
And it will shake the Vatican so much.
I'm telling you, it's going to
ruin the structure at Vatican
City.
The walls will crack.
Saturday.
He will shake Rome.
It's the law.
An active
summer.
What does it mean to be an active
summer?
It
will be
a very active summer on all fronts.
It's around July.
Praying over our intelligence for an
uncovering of secret attacks,
to uncover
all planned secret attacks. Now March,
April,
May,
June,
and over our
churches'Easter
services.
Every single one of them protected.
Thank you, Lord,
for everything that you
have in store.
I see the trains and the boxcars again.
Father,
I see
every single plan
concerning this nation and the
cartel being
uncovered,
every single one of them
exposing.
Thank you, Father.
It's amazing how many things I just
bounced around. I
could see asteroids; I could see
the uncovering of plots
against our nation again.
It was so clear. I saw what looked
like a black
cloak trying to hide this agenda,
but I saw the Santa Fe Railroad again. I saw
boxcars
and
planned
things with
traveling
boxcars.
I saw
America
and it felt like 9/11 again.
Praying over our elections,
praying over the summer, praying over
President Trump to have wisdom
for the 250th Sestercentennial celebration.
Praying over his life, praying for
safety.
He's okay. Protect him, Father, today.
Thank you, Father, for watching over our
president.
In the name of Jesus, we lift him up
before you.
Well, I've kept you all a long time
tonight.
And it's like Brother Hagin says,
sometimes you just have to unhook. I
don't know what to do with it because I
could
keep praying into this for a long
time
at 2 hours and 36 minutes.
Every single plot
concerning the safety of our
families
uncovered.
Retaliation.
And the gecko would, Father, lose his
voice.
He would not manipulate and
influence his decisions anymore;
the gecko would not
manipulate Trump's decisions anymore
by putting the seeds in his mind to go
certain directions,
because behind the gecko is the deep
state
and they don't even know it.
Thank you, Father, for your hand.
Raise up men and women around President
Trump
that take no counsel from the ungodly.
Only listen to you and your voice, oh
Father,
to be led by the Spirit, and America will
remain strong. We have a season;
I ask you, Father, for our season
in the name of Jesus.
You know, I don't ever want to close a
broadcast without giving you the
opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal Savior.
If I did anything else tonight and I
don't do this, I've missed it.
You may be here tonight and you've never
accepted Jesus Christ.
You think all this is weird. Well, to
the natural man, he perceiveth not the
things of God.
You need to become born again.
You need to sell out. You need to ask
Jesus to forgive you of your sins.
You may be here tonight and you've never
asked Jesus into your life,
but it's the best thing I've ever done.
Or you could be here tonight and you're
backsliding.
You used to be on fire for the Lord. You
used to be sold out. You used to have
such a relationship with him. And over
the course of time, you've let your
heart slip a little bit.
You went back to the
sin—the
very sin that you said you were
forgiven of. You
practice every day messing around doing
things.
But tonight, you might be here and you
say, 'Brandon, could you just pray for
me to have a fresh, clean
start?'That's
what we're here for.
We want to pray for you.
The moment you confess your sins is not
when the Lord found out about them; it's
when you got rid of them.
I want you to get real with God tonight
and say, 'Jesus, I want to sell out. I
want to come home. I want to make you my
Lord and personal Savior.
I don't want to go to hell.'You say,
'Well, Brandon,
I may have more
time.'No
one's promised tomorrow,
son. No one's promised tomorrow,
daughter. I'm going to tell you the
truth. You could die on the way to work
tomorrow.
You could die in your sleep.
You need today. Today is the day of
salvation.
Right now. This could be your
last opportunity.
I'm trying to shake you to reality
that there's many people that thought
they had tomorrow. Statistically, I think they say
170,000
or
175,000 people a day die around the
world.
I wonder how many of them thought they
had tomorrow,
but they died today on the way to work
or on the way home—174,000 average.
When is our number up? We don't know. I
pray every day that he protects me.
I pray every day that with long life he
satisfies me
and I believe it.
But don't gamble with your eternity if
you don't know him.
It's appointed unto man once to die
and after that to judgment. If
you're here tonight, even if there's
just one of you,
he leaves the 99 to go after the one.
You say to me, 'Brandon,
I just want to make sure I'm right with
the Lord.
I just want to make sure I'm all
in.'I
want to say a simple prayer with you.
You have
to mean it with your heart.
First
you have to
believe
that
he is.
And I believe if right now you feel
that tugging on your heart,
that's the Holy Spirit.
No man comes to the Father unless he's
calling him.
He's calling you right now.
So I'm going to say a simple prayer.
Say it with me.
'Jesus, I believe
you're the Son of God. I believe you
died for me and you rose again on the
third day.
I'm a sinner
and I want you to be my Lord and
personal Savior. I ask you to forgive me
of my sins. I ask you to forgive me of
all my unrighteousness.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my
back on the world. I turn my back on the
devil. I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll
serve you with all my heart.
I'll make you my Lord and personal
Savior.
Thank you, Lord. I'm sold out to you
right now. Write my name in the Lamb's
Book of Life. Thank you, Lord, that I'm
free from my sin. Thank you, Lord, that
today is a fresh, clean start.
I dedicate my life to you, Lord. From
this day forward, I'm sold out to you.
I'll be a light for you
in the darkness,
a light that shines bright everywhere I
go.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven
me. Thank you from this day forward,
Lord. I'll be with you in paradise if I
was to die.
Thank you, Lord,
in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.'I believe
it's just a simple prayer.
The moment you confess your sins, he is
faithful and just to forgive you of your
sins and cleanse you of all
unrighteousness.
And I believe the moment you did that,
as far as the east is from the west, he
doesn't remember it anymore. You say,
'Well, Brandon, what do I do
now?'You
find a
Bible-believing,
non-denominational church. Get
a Bible and read your Bible every
single day.
Pray with us. Get plugged into
a
local church wherever you are in your
area. Find a non-denominational church.
Go there and tell them, "Listen, I
just got born again watching a YouTube
video. I need to be
water-baptized."Get
water-baptized. Go to church on Sundays
and
Wednesdays, whenever they have the doors
open. Learn about Christianity
and
listen to that preacher. Get
filled up with the word of God; it will
change you from the inside out. I'm
telling you. You say, "Well, that old
book."Oh,
no. This book is alive,
and the more you read it, it will change
you. You've got to get this word down
inside of you. Now, if you don't have a
Bible,
I want to buy you your first Bible. If
you just got born again tonight
through our ministry here, we
want to buy you your first Bible.
That's what my wife's working on right
now: getting the Bibles out to people.
You have to give us your
address. You can't just email me and
say, "Hey, I got saved."I have to know
who you are, where you come from, and
how I can send you your Bible.
And so, we will send you a Bible if you
tell us your address. There's a lot.
Diana
goes, "Brandon, there's so many emails
where
they just tell me, 'Hey, I got
saved,'and
they have their
name."You've
got to tell me your address. You've got
to say, "Hey, I live at this
place."We
won't bother you ever again. We're not
here to solicit you. We'll never ask you
for a dime. Our heart is always
to give and just to tell you Jesus loves
you and He has a plan for your life.
Now, we have places down there
if you feel led to do
things—that's
on you—but I'm never going to ask you
for anything. Never. Now, there are people
that say, "Brandon, I want to
be a blessing to you because I'd like to
give you a coffee or
something."That's
because God led you to. Like I
said, I've never asked for anything on
here and never will. So if you have
somebody saying, "Hey, I'm asking you
for something,"they're a liar. We've
never done it and we will never do it.
Freely we've been given, and freely we
give. We love you and we pray for
you. Now, there are scammers out there
trying to make
my voice say AI things.
I'm not saying some of the stuff they're
saying; they have AI using my voice.
These
are scammers. If it's not on my YouTube
channel, do not follow it. We're taking
these people down as best as we can. We
have new scammers coming up every single
day copying my videos, and some of them
have 100,000 or 150,000 views. And it's not
me. Some of you go, "Brandon, you're
over here saying this."I say, "I never
said any
of that."If
it's not on my channel, it is
not in the description.
My X account, my Instagram, my
Facebook—all
of it is in the
description below. Click those links and
you won't be scammed by impersonators.
Don't donate any money to them. I don't
ask you for a dime for crypto; I don't
give advice—none of this stuff.
They are ripping people off and I'm just
trying to protect you. Everything is in
the link description below. That's how
you get a hold of me, my email,
everything. And we just want to love on
y'all. God bless you for coming tonight.
All 55 of you that gave your heart to
Jesus Christ, welcome to the family.
There'll be
many more throughout the week,
however
long they
watch this video until it goes dead in the
algorithm. I always laugh about it
because it only takes about two or three
days and they start to die.
YouTube only promotes it for as long as
you like and comment
on
it.
It's the
likes
and the
comments that keep it alive in the
algorithm. After about two or
three weeks, it's dead. So,
hopefully the message got out for
whoever needed it, and then we bring it
back with shorts and stuff.
It's work, but
we're so thankful for every single one
of you that came tonight. We had
7,900 people here right now—unless a
lot of you left during the altar
call—but
we love y'all. We're so excited
that you come out and pray with us every
time. It's such a blessing. I
believe many hands make light work.
Isn't it wonderful? Jesus is wonderful,
and we give all the glory to Him. We
attract to deflect. I say it again,
like sister Kathryn Kuhlman would say, "I
didn't use Him; He uses me."I'm just a
vessel, and He could use any
one of you.
I'm just a person just like you are. I'm
so thankful that He would use me today.
We love y'all. Thank you for coming out.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and
we love you. God bless you and we'll see
you again soon. Bye-bye.